# CS-330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization

How do I approach designing software?
  I approach designing software from several different angles. First, I like to visualize what it is I am trying to create. I start first with the foundation, meaning I     will build upon it. I need to create a solid foundation in order to withstand the environment I am trying to create. In this project I created the plane or table in     which I set my items on. I then created the foundation of the lantern to position a candle on. Once that was done the pillars were set and then the pyramid roof  along with the picture frame and the plane within it. Once all of that was done, I textured my entire scene and then applied the lighting. 
  
How do I approach developing programs?
  Each week I worked more and more on my scene, whether that was creating a new object, or even shape and placeing it in the scene or appliying all my textures. I always   went above and beyond what was required of me each week so that I didn't struggle when I was in my final week and turning in my completed scene. Working in iterations   helped me to perfect the detail and not rush through the assignment and actually enjoy and finesse the finer details of my work. I believe taking this path will help     me to achieve better and more efficient work by carefully learning intricate details so that I know how I can create my next scene even better from the start.
  
How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  Coming from a Nursing background, I'd like to think that I could use what I learned in this class to create replicas of medical equipment that can be used in a           simulation to help train medical professionals virtually without needing the equipment in front of them or even a patient to test on. This could be an introductory     phase to the so many different medical devices that someone in the medical field will experience in their career. This also helps to facilitate hands-on training         despite many pieces of medical equipment being placed on backorder, and making it hard for trainees to practice on the device before actually being in the live field.
